README.md, before:

UnitySSPathTracingURP
=============

 Screen Space Path Tracing for Unity's URP (Universal Render Pipeline).

 This shader is created in Shader Graph with the new URP 14 Full Screen Pass Renderer Feature.

 This effect seems to be usable (stability, speed & noisiness) when I tested it on mobile device, so I decide to share it.

 **Please read the Documentation and Requirements before using this repository.**
 
Screenshots
------------
**(BoxScene)**

 ![MixedLighting](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing_MixedLighting.jpg)
 
 ![SkyLightingOnly](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing_SkyLightingOnly.jpg)
 
 ![WithoutAccumulation](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing_Moving.jpg)
 
 ![WithAccumulation](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing.jpg)

 **Note:** Enable URP Temporal Anti-aliasing is important for improving stability. (exists since URP 15)

Documentation
------------
[Here](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Documentation.md).

Requirements
------------
- Unity 2022.2 and URP 14 (URP 15 is recomended with TAA enabled)
- Deferred rendering path (OpenGL will always in Forward path)

License
------------
MIT ![MIT License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)

References
------------
[Three-Eyed-Games GPU-Ray-Tracing-in-Unity](http://three-eyed-games.com/2018/05/03/gpu-ray-tracing-in-unity-part-1/)

Please see [PathTracing.hlsl](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Assets/Shaders/ScreenSpacePathTracing/PathTracing.hlsl).

Commit message:

Support Reflection Probe Fallback
Now support Reflection Probe Fallback by attaching a C# script to the camera.

URP doesn't correctly set reflection probes for the full screen blit mesh (UUM-2631), probably won't be fixed soon.

README.md, after:

UnitySSPathTracingURP
=============

 Screen Space Path Tracing for Unity's URP (Universal Render Pipeline).

 This shader is created in Shader Graph with the new URP 14 Full Screen Pass Renderer Feature.

 This effect seems to be usable (stability, speed & noisiness) when I tested it on mobile device, so I decide to share it.

 **Please read the Documentation and Requirements before using this repository.**
 
Screenshots
------------
**(BoxScene)**

 ![MixedLighting](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing_MixedLighting.jpg)

 ![WithoutAccumulation](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing_Moving.jpg)

 ![WithAccumulation](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/URP_ScreenSpacePathTracing.jpg)

**(Enable Reflection Probe Fallback)**

 ![ProbeFallBackOn1](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/ProbeFallBack.jpg)

 ![ProbeFallBackOn2](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Images/BoxScene/EmissionFromReflectionProbe.jpg)

 **Note:** Enable URP Temporal Anti-aliasing is important for improving stability. (exists since latest URP 14)

Documentation
------------
[Here](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Documentation/Documentation.md).

Requirements
------------
- Unity 2022.2 and URP 14 (enable TAA is recommended)
- Deferred rendering path (OpenGL will always in Forward path)

License
------------
MIT ![MIT License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)

References
------------
[Three-Eyed-Games GPU-Ray-Tracing-in-Unity](http://three-eyed-games.com/2018/05/03/gpu-ray-tracing-in-unity-part-1/)

Please see [PathTracing.hlsl](https://github.com/jiaozi158/UnitySSPathTracingURP/blob/main/Assets/Shaders/ScreenSpacePathTracing/PathTracing.hlsl).
